- A career in software development
can be a wonderful journey
if you know how to successfully navigate it.
But for many who want to enter
or advance within the field,
it can feel overwhelming.
Just figuring out what to focus on and learn
at each stage of your career
can be challenging
because the paths are endless
and you can get lost along the way.
Hi, I'm Kevin Bowersox.
Over the course of my career,
I've advanced into leadership roles at top organizations,
and during that time,
I've been involved with hiring many developers
at all levels.
So I know what it's like to be on both to this career path.
Now, I'm going to share the strategies,
I've learned that will help you land that first position
and develop the skills you'll need to transition
into more senior roles.
Together, we'll build a playbook that guides your learning
and career progression, as you work towards that dream job
you always thought was out of reach.
So if you're ready to take control of your career
in software development,
join me on my LinkedIn learning course
to learn how to navigate an amazing career in code.